Add purchase order GraphQL content (#77)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/schema/b2b/purchase-order-rule/mutations/create.md

---
title: createPurchaseOrderApprovalRule mutation | Commerce Web APIs
edition: b2b
---

# createPurchaseOrderApprovalRule mutation

The `createPurchaseOrderApprovalRule` mutation creates a purchase order approval rule.

A request to create an approval rule must include the following fields and objects:

*  `name`
*  `condition`
*  `approvers`

> The `condition` object must contain an `attribute` field, an `operator`, and either `amount` or `quantity`. The `attribute` field determines the rule checks the order total (`GRAND_TOTAL`), the number of SKUs in the order (`NUMBER_OF_SKUS`), or the shipping expense (`SHIPPING_INCL_TAX`). The operator must be one of `MORE_THAN`, `LESS_THAN`, `MORE_THAN_OR_EQUAL_TO`, or `LESS_THAN_OR_EQUAL_TO`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `condition` object must contain an `attribute` field, an `operator`, and either an `amount` or a `quantity`. The `attribute` field determines if the rule checks the order total (`GRAND_TOTAL`), the number of SKUs in the order (`NUMBER_OF_SKUS`), or the shipping expense (`SHIPPING_INCL_TAX`). The operator must be `MORE_THAN`, `LESS_THAN`, `MORE_THAN_OR_EQUAL_TO`, or `LESS_THAN_OR_EQUAL_TO`.
```
